Custom mf for user settings (#1802)
SAP/luigi: docs/general-settings.md

### User settings

In order to display a user settings dialog and manage data it is neccessary to define a user settings schema. The schema is defined in a `userSettingGroups` object.
Each `userSettingGroup` could have the following meta data:

```javascript
userSettingGroup: {
  label: 'Label',
  sublabel: 'Sublabel',
  icon: 'account',
  title: 'Title',
  settings: {
    inputField: { type: 'string', label: 'label' , isEditable: true},
    checkbox: { type: 'boolean', label: 'Checkbox', isEditable: true },
    enum: 
      {
        type: 'enum',
        label: 'Label',
        options: ['option1', 'option2', 'option3', 'option3'],
        description: 'Description'
      }
  }
}
```

#### Write a custom editor

> This user setting group will be displayed in a user settings dialog and the data will be rendered in a default editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This user setting group will be displayed by the default editor, under the form of a user setting dialog.
```

> It is possible to write a custom editor which is a micro frontend. In that case the `userSettingGroup` needs a `viewUrl` property with an url to the micro frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to write a custom editor using a custom micro frontend. In that case the `userSettingGroup` needs a `viewUrl` property with an url to the micro frontend.
```

> The micro frontend has to register the `addInitListener` from the Luigi Client. The stored user settings data object is part of the context object which comes with the init listener (`context.userSettingsData`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The micro frontend has to register the `addInitListener` from the Luigi Client. The stored user settings data object is part of the context object which comes with the init and update listener (`context.userSettingsData`).
```

* **userSettingsDialog.saveBtn** defines user settings dialog save button. By default it is `Save`.
* **userSettingsDialog.dismissBtn** defines user settings dialog dismiss button. By default it is `Dismiss`.

#### Override default read and store functionality
By implementing the `storeUserSettings` and `readUserSettings` the default mechanism can be overriden.

> * **storeUserSettings** if this function is implemented, the default mechanism will be overridden and you can choose a custom storage to write the user settings object. The function should return a promise and takes two parameters. The first one is the user settings which will be stored. The second one is the previous stored user settings. On resolve the user settings dialog will be closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **storeUserSettings** if this function is implemented, the default mechanism will be overridden and you can choose a custom storage to store the user settings object (for example, using a custom third party Rest API). The function should return a promise and takes two parameters. The first one is the user settings which will be stored. The second one is the previous stored user settings. On resolve the user settings dialog will be closed.
```

> If an error appears, you have the possibility to close the user settings dialog by adding a `closeDialog` boolean flag to the error object to close it. In addition, you can implement a `message` to display the error on the browser console log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an error appears, you have the possibility to close the user settings dialog by adding a `closeDialog` boolean flag to the error object. In addition, you can implement a `message` to display the error on the browser console log.
```

```javascript
return new Promise((resolve, reject) => {
        if (JSON.stringify(obj) !== JSON.stringify(previous)) {
          const settings = {
            header: "Confirmation",
            body: "Are you sure you want to do this?",
            buttonConfirm: "Yes",
            buttonDismiss: "No"
          }
          Luigi
            .ux()
            .showConfirmationModal(settings).then(() => {
              sessionStorage.setItem('luigi.usersettings', JSON.stringify(obj));
              resolve();
            }).catch(() => {
              reject({ closeDialog: true, message: 'error ' });
            });
        }
      });
```      

> * **readUserSettings** if this function is implemented, the default mechanism will be overridden and you can choose a custom storage to read the user settings object. The function should return a promise. The resolve function get's the user settings object as parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **readUserSettings** if this function is implemented, the default mechanism will be overridden and you can choose a custom storage to read the user settings object. The function should return a promise. The resolve function gets the user settings object as parameter.
```
